51
make-up: n. substances used especially by women to make their faces look more attractive, or used by actors to change their appearance
ideal: adj. perfect; most suitable
broad: adj. wide
short-sighted: adj. able to see things clearly only if they are very close
shallow: adj. not showing serious thought, feelings, etc. about something
normal: adj. typical usual or ordinary; what you would expect
representation: n. the act of presenting somebody / something in a particular way; something that shows or describes something
shave: v. to cut hair from the skin, especially the face, using a razor
generation: n. all the people born and living at about the same time
metal: n. a type of solid mineral substance that is usually hard and shiny and that heat and electricity can travel through, for example tin, iron and gold
stretch: v. to make something longer, wider or looser, for example by pulling it; to become longer, etc. in this way
elegant: adj. attractive and showing a good sense of style
odd: adj. strange or unusual
enable: v. to make it possible for somebody to do something
display: v. to show signs of something, especially a quality or feeling
vary: v. to be different from each other in size, shape, etc.
surround: v. to be well around something / somebody
sex: n. the state of being male or female
context: n. the words that come just before and after a word, phrase or statement and help you to understand its meaning
gender: n. the fact of being male or female, especially when considered with reference to social and cultural differences
trend: n. a general direction in which a situation is changing or developing
occupation: n. a job or profession
campus: n. the building of a university or college and the land around them
personality: n. the various aspects of a person’s character that combine to make them different from other people
external: adj. connected with or located on the outside of something / somebody
relief: n. the feeling of happiness that you have when something unpleasant stops or does not happen
duty: n. something that you feel you have to do because it is your moral or legal responsibility
effort: n. the physical or mental energy that you need to do something; something that takes a lot of energy
ignore: v. to pay no attention to something
hide-and-seek: n. a children’s game in which one player covers his or her eyes while the other players hide and then tries to find them
branch: n. a part of a tree that grows out from the main stem and on which leaves, flowers and fruit grow
mass: n. a large amount or quantity of something
individual: adj. considered separately rather than as part of a group
pattern: n. a regular arrangement of lines, shapes, colours, etc. as a design on material, carpets, etc.
observe: v. to see or notice something / somebody
constantly: adv. all the time; repeatedly
dive: v. to swim underwater wearing breathing equipment, collecting or looking at things
sort: n. a group or type of people or things that are similar in a particular way
impression: n. an idea, a feeling or an opinion that you get about somebody / something, or that somebody / something gives you
react: v. to change or behave in a particular way as a result of or in response to something
column: n. a part of a newspaper or magazine which appears regularly and deals with a particular subject or is written by a particular writer
sample: n. example of something
emphasis: n. the extra force given to a word or phrase when spoken, especially in order to show importance
suit: n. a set of clothes made of the same cloth, including a jacket and trousers / pants or a skirt
exist: v. to be real; to be present in a place or situation
symbol: n. a person, an object, an event, etc. that represents a more general quality or situation
various: adj. several; different
wedding: n. a marriage ceremony, and the meal or party that usually follows it
carve: v. to make objects, pattern, etc. by cutting away material from wood or stone
delicate: adj. made or formed in a very careful and detailed way
practical: adj. connected with real situations rather than with ideas or theories