49
brick: n. something used for building walls, houses and other buildings
gain: n. an advantage or improvement
attract: v. to interest you and make you want it
shark: n. a large sea fish with very sharp teeth and a pointed fin on its back
target: n. an object, a person or a place that people aim at when attacking
target: n. a result that you try to achieve
approach: v. to come near to somebody / something in distance or time
attack: n. an act of using violence to try to hurt or kill somebody
attack: v. to use violence to try to hurt or kill somebody
sharp: adj. having a fine edge or point, especially of something that can cut or make a hole in something
skin: n. the layer of tissue that covers the body
strength: n. the quality of being physically strong
wrap: v. to put something firmly around something /somebody
wrap: v. to cover something completely in paper or other material
bleed: v. to lose blood, especially from a wound or an injury
bite: v. to use your teeth to cut into or through something
defeat: n. failure to win or to be successful
defeat: v. to win against somebody in a war, competition, sports game, etc.
destroy: v. to damage something so badly that it no longer exists, works, etc.
intelligent: adj. able to understand and learn things
intelligent: adj. good at learning, understanding
struggle: v. to fight somebody or try to get away from them
struggle: v. to try very hard to do something when it is difficult
sink: v. to go down below the surface or towards the bottom of a liquid or soft substance
ahead: adv. further forward in space or time; in front
maintain: v. to make something continue at the same level, standard, etc.
maintain: v. to keep stating that something is true, even though other people do not agree
dramatically: adv. by a strikingly large amount or to a strikingly large extent; greatly
curious: adj. having a strong desire to know about something
shortage: n. a situation when there is not enough of the people or things that are needed
grain: n. the small hard seeds of food plants such as wheat, rice, etc.; a single seed of such a plant
decade: n. a period of ten years
self-sufficient: adj. able to do or produce everything that you need without the help of other people
medal: n. a flat piece of metal, usually shaped like a coin, that is given to the winner of a competition
outstanding: adj. extremely good; excellent
institute: n. an organization that has a particular purpose, especially one that is connected with education or a particular profession
request: n. the action of asking for something formally and politely
atmosphere: n. the mixture of gases that surrounds the Earth
lack: n. the state of not having something or not having enough of something
clue: n. some words or a piece of information that helps you find the answers to a game or a question
literature: n. pieces of writing that are valued as works of art
failure: n. a person or thing that is not successful
failure: n. lack of success in doing or achieving something
realistic: adj. accepting in a sensible way what it is actually possible to do or achieve in a particular situation
professional: adj. doing something as a paid job rather than as a hobby
false: adj. wrong; not correct or true
permanently: adv. lasting for a long time or for all time in the future
setback: n. a difficulty or problem that delays or prevents something or makes a situation worse
title: n. the name of a book, poem, painting, piece of music, etc.