64
nationality: n. one’s legal right to belong to a nation
journal: n. a written record of the things you do, see, etc. every day
journal: n. a newspaper or magazine
authority: n. the power to give orders to people
authority: n. the power to influence people because they respect your knowledge or official position
journalist: n. a reporter
annual: adj. happening or done once every year
spot: v. to see or notice a person or thing, especially suddenly or when it is not easy to do so
entirely: adv. in every way possible; completely
error: n. a mistake, especially one that causes problems or affects the result of something
emotion: n. a strong feeling such as love, fear or anger
female: adj. being a woman or a girl
illustrate: v. to make the meaning of something clearer by using examples, pictures, etc.
illustrate: v. to use pictures, photographs, diagrams, etc. in a book, etc.
ensure: v. to make sure that something happens or is definite
affect: v. to produce a change in somebody / something
permission: n. the act of allowing somebody to do something
subway: n. an underground railway / railroad system in a city
average: adj. ordinary; not special
average: adj. typical or normal
confirm: v. to state or show that something is definitely true or correct, especially by providing evidence
click: v. to press a button on the mouse to choose something on the computer screen
click: v. to make or cause something to make a short sharp sound
flexible: adj. able to change to suit new conditions or situations
perceive: v. to notice or become aware of something
soccer: n. (American English) football
horrible: adj. very bad or unpleasant
joyfully: adv. happily
calm: adj. quiet and peaceful
breathe: v. to take air into your lungs and send it out again through your nose or mouth
merrily: adv. in a happy, cheerful way
release: n. the act of making something available to the public
release: v. to allow (news, etc) to be made known
innovation: n. the introduction of new things, ideas or ways of doing something
outline: v. to give a description of the main facts or points involved in something
collection: n. a group of objects, often of the same sort, that have been collected
committee: n. a group of people chosen to do a particular job, make decisions, etc.
announce: v. to make something known publicly
entry: n. something that you do, write or make to take part in a competition
publish: v. to produce a book, magazine, CD-ROM, etc. and sell it to the public
plot: n. the series of events that form the story of a novel, play, film / movie, etc.
super: adv. extremely
soundtrack: n. all the music, speech and sounds that are recorded for a film / movie
character: n. a person or an animal in a book, play or film / movie
civilization: n. a state of human society that is very developed and organized
novel: n. a story long enough to fill a complete book, in which the characters and events are usually imaginary
astronaut: n. a person whose job involves travelling and working in a spacecraft
system: n. a group of things, pieces of equipment, etc. that are connected or work together
system: n. an organized set of ideas or theories or a particular way of doing something
crash: v. to hit something hard while moving, causing noise and / or damage
disaster: n. an unexpected event, such as a very bad accident, a flood or a fire, that kills a lot of people or causes a lot of damage
pack: v. to fill something with a lot of people or things
pack: v. to put clothes, etc. into a bag
entertaining: adj. interesting and amusing
throughout: prep. during the whole period of time of something
photographer: n. a person who takes photographs, especially as a job
rare: adj. not done, seen, happening, etc. very often
region: n. a large area of land
custom: n. an accepted way of behaving or of doing things in a society or a community
overall: adv. including everything or everyone; in total
overall: adv. generally
ordinary: adj. not unusual or different in any way
province: n. one of the areas that some countries are divided into with its own local government
flour: n. a fine white or brown powder made from grain, especially wheat, and used in cooking for making bread, cakes, etc.